README.md, before:

# STARS 2023 Final Design Project

## MatrixMonSTARS
* Emmanuel Chang
* Kai Ze Ee
* Stuti Rastogi
* Yash Singh
* Vishnu Lagudu

## Memory Calculator
This calculator has the ability to add or subtract two two digit decimal numbers.
The numerical results are displayed on two seven segments displays and the sign and overflow flag
are displayed using an RGB LED.

The instructions to the calculater can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GANs3IZc4oy_pSsc378nTUj8dvBskMOKqrhrnbj51E0/edit?usp=sharing)

## Pin Layout
IOs of our chip:

![image](https://github.com/STARS-Design-Track-2023/MatrixMonSTARS/assets/126794890/b5e4d9aa-f55e-465e-8e95-61d64f4720d0)

## Supporting Equipment
Required Equipments:
  - Common cathode 7 segment displays: 2
  - Common cathode RGB LED: 1
  - Push buttons: 10
  - 10kΩ resistors: 10
  - 150Ω resistor: 16
  - Board by efabless: 1
  - Wires of various lengths
  - Breadboard: 5 (1 large, 1 Medium, and 2 Mini)

Example Setup:

![image](https://github.com/STARS-Design-Track-2023/MatrixMonSTARS/assets/126794890/027a793b-72ee-4299-9448-4f7d20148b9f)

Push Button Labels:

![image](https://github.com/STARS-Design-Track-2023/MatrixMonSTARS/assets/126794890/aca3b53a-e149-4a75-a73c-0ecd8e7d1a8f)
## RTL Diagrams
All the stuff from the proposal goes here, obviously updated from the time you did the proposal to the final layout
Include more than just block diagrams, including sub-block diagrams, state-transition diagrams, flowcharts, and timing diagrams


## Some Legal Statement
TBD

Commit message:

Modify README and add io image

README.md, after:

# STARS 2023 Final Design Project

## MatrixMonSTARS
* Emmanuel Chang
* Kai Ze Ee
* Stuti Rastogi
* Yash Singh
* Vishnu Lagudu

## Memory Calculator
This calculator has the ability to add or subtract two two digit decimal numbers.
The numerical results are displayed on two seven segments displays and the sign and overflow flag
are displayed using an RGB LED.

The instructions to the calculater can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GANs3IZc4oy_pSsc378nTUj8dvBskMOKqrhrnbj51E0/edit?usp=sharing).

## Pin Layout
Input/Ouput (IO) of Integrated Circuit (IC):

<p align="center">
  <img src="/docs/io.png" alt="Chip IO"/>
</p>

## Supporting Equipment
Required Equipments:
  - Common cathode 7 segment displays: 2
  - LED (red)                        : 1
  - LED (blue)                       : 1
  - Push buttons                     : 10
  - 10kΩ resistors                   : 10
  - 150Ω resistor                    : 16
  - Board by efabless                : 1
  - Wires of various lengths
  - Breadboard                       : 1

Example Setup:

![image](https://github.com/STARS-Design-Track-2023/MatrixMonSTARS/assets/126794890/027a793b-72ee-4299-9448-4f7d20148b9f)

Push Button Labels:

![image](https://github.com/STARS-Design-Track-2023/MatrixMonSTARS/assets/126794890/aca3b53a-e149-4a75-a73c-0ecd8e7d1a8f)
## RTL Diagrams
All the stuff from the proposal goes here, obviously updated from the time you did the proposal to the final layout
Include more than just block diagrams, including sub-block diagrams, state-transition diagrams, flowcharts, and timing diagrams


## Some Legal Statement
TBD
